Release boone WIP PR (#401)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/reference/extensions/execution/edge-functions.md

---
title: Edge Function
---

The `fx` extension provides access to _edge functions_.

> Edge functions allow you to execute code in response to events/requests without the complex infrastructure typically associated with building and launching microservices applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge functions allow you to run code in response to events or requests without the complex infrastructure typically associated with building and launching microservices.
```
